{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 Modules: \
\
#gui_module.py\
\
\
Purpose: Will be a full-fledged PyQt5 application used to extract examples of event types to be used for a machine learning algorithm. This will work in conjunction with roi_module.py To gather points of interest based on visual cues represented in the video.\
\
Must include:\
1. Load Video Button:\
Ability to load video \
\
2. Play/Pause Button:\
Can be a single button to handle play and pause options.\
\
3. Video position slider\
Ability to seek through video. This must also include a timestamp of current frame along with total video time\
\
4. Playback speed  buttons (+,- ):\
Ability to select between .25x, .5x, 1x, 2x, 4x, 8x, 16x, 32x\
\
5. Video display:\
This will be used to align roi boxes within the video. Must represent extraction data from frames\
\
6. Frame Skip Forward/ Frame Skip Backward:\
Allow for single from skip forward or back. This must be from the current frame being displayed within the video. These can also be Icons in order to save space\
\
7. Add ROI Box:\
Ability to Add a ROI box to video display. This will utilize logic from a separate roi_module.py module\
\
8. Delete ROI Box:\
Button to delete the selected ROI box on the video display. This will utilize logic in roi_module.py\
\
9. QComboBox (Dropdown) for Event types:\
Extract Event type Buttons (Shield Break, Down, Kill, Revive, Near Death Moment, Player Down, Player Shield Break, Teammate Death, Teammate Down, Team Wipe, Laugh Moments)\
\
10. Menus:\
QMenuBar to include actions in menus for all features\
\
\
\
Output note: Please use Group Boxes, Menus, Dropdown, icons, and organize layout into a clear efficient ui. Output must include all of the features mentioned above. Please also include all necessary imports, logic, necessary functions, module connections, extensive debugging, and extremely detailed notation. \
\
\
\
############\
\
#roi_module\
\
Purpose: The roi will be used to highlight areas of interest where event data indicators are displayed within an loaded video. The icons and data displayed within these areas will be used to train a machine learning model on examples of the events. \
\
Must Include:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1. Resizable from all Corners/Edges:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 You might find it useful to allow resizing from all corners and edges, not just the bottom-right corner, for more versatile box adjustments.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 2. Display Coordinates and Size:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Displaying the coordinates and size of the ROI box either in the corner of each box or in a separate info panel would be beneficial for user confirmation and documentation purposes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 3. Saving and Loading ROIs:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Implement functionality to save and load the positions and sizes of ROI boxes, possibly to/from a configuration file or database, so that users do not have to re-create them each time they open the application.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 4. Labels for ROIs:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Allow users to add labels or tags to each ROI box to provide more information about what each box is highlighting, which can be crucial for training machine learning models.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 5. Multiple ROI Types:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Depending on your machine learning models, having different shapes (e.g., circles, polygons) or types (e.g., for different classes/objects you want to detect) of ROIs might be beneficial.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 6. Transparency Control:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Providing a way to adjust the transparency of the boxes can help users see the content underneath better.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 7. Snapshot Feature:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A feature to capture snapshots of the currently highlighted region can be useful for creating datasets.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 8. Zoom/Pan:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 For high-resolution videos, implementing zoom/pan functionality can help users in creating more precise ROIs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 9. Keyboard Shortcuts:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Implementing keyboard shortcuts for creating, deleting, and adjusting ROI boxes can improve user efficiency.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 10. Undo/Redo Functionality:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Implementing undo/redo functionality can help users in case they make a mistake while creating or adjusting the ROI boxes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 11. Context Menu:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A right-click context menu on each ROI box that includes options like delete, label, save, etc., can make the user interface more intuitive.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 12. Visual Feedback:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Providing visual feedback like changing the color of the box when selected, hovering, etc., can make the interaction more user-friendly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 13. Overlap Warning:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Having a warning or a visual indicator when ROI boxes overlap could be useful, depending on whether overlapping boxes are undesirable for your use case.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 14. Draggable Control Points:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Implement draggable control points for resizing instead of dragging edges/corners for a more user-friendly resizing experience.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 15. Adjustable ROI Box Color:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Allowing users to change the color of each ROI box can help distinguish between different regions easily.\
16. Labeling:\
Ability to apply custom labels\
17. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  Add Additional boxes:\
Ability to add an additional ROI box for a 2nd or 3rd data point\
18. Delete additional boxes:\
Allow you to select and delete specific roi boxes\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Note: Please include all necessary, imports, logic, necessary functions, extensive debugging, and extremely detailed notation. \
	\
\
}